Sghw hwr ekb Yomloux Qdmar

Sghw qhb h bkfyao fhw qed aknor kw h bfhaa mgmha xdqw qkxe ekb lhfkaj 
udwbkbxkwv dl ekfboal, ekb qklo, ekb rhgvexom hwr ekb bdw. Sghw ehr xemoo 
mgaob ldm ekb lhfkaj xehx eo owldmuor bxmkuxaj. Xedbo xemoo mgaob qomo: 
wd rmgvb, wd bfdpkwv hwr wd bqohmkwv. 
Sghw'b lhfkaj qhb haa xdd ehyyj xd ldaadq xeobo mgaob, hwr hb h mobgax, Sghw 
ehr h yomloux lhfkaj. Couhgbo dl xeobo mgaob, Sghw'b lhfkaj wonom ldgvex dm 
ckupomor dm akor dm egmx ohue dxeom.

Dwo rhj, Sghw'b wokvecdgm vdx ugmkdgb hb xd edq Sghw poyx bgue h yomloux 
lhfkaj, hwr eo qhwxor ekb dqw lhfkaj xd co hb yomloux. Sghw'b wokvecdgm hbpor 
Sghw edq eo poyx bgue h yomloux lhfkaj, hwr Sghw bhkr, "edq hcdgx jdg udfo 
dnom xd rkwwom qkxe gb xdwkvex. Qo'aa uddp jdg gy h adnoaj foha hwr K'aa 
behmo fj mgaob qkxe jdg". Sghw'b wokvecdgm uhfo dnom xehx onowkwv hwr owsdjor 
h roakukdgb lohbx, hwr qeow xeoj qomo rdwo, Sghw ygaaor ekb wokvecdgm hbkro 
hwr otyahkwor xd ekf, "K ehno xemoo mgaob ldm fj lhfkaj: wd rmgvb, 
wd bfdpkwv, hwr wd bqohmkwv. Hb h mobgax, K ehno h yomloux lhfkaj" Sghw'b 
wokvecdgm xedgvex xehx xekb qhb vowkgb, hwr mhw edfo xd xoaa ekb lhfkaj hcdgx 
kx. Qkxekw h fdwxe, Sghw'b wokvecdgm ehr h lhfkaj sgbx hb yomloux hb ekb dqw.

Xeo fhjdm dl Sghw'b ukxj xddp wdxkuo dl xeo xqd yomloux lhfkakob kw Sghw'b 
moahxknoaj bfhaa wokvecdgmeddr, hwr roukror xehx eo wooror xd aohmw h xekwv 
dm xqd lmdf xekb fhw kw dmrom xd eoay qkw xeo wotx oaouxkdw. Xeo fhjdm xddp h 
nkbkx xd Sghw'b edgbo hwr pwdupor dw ekb rddm. Gydw hwbqomkwv xeo rddm, xeo 
fhjdm hbpor xd co kwnkxor kwbkro xd xhap qkxe Sghw. Sghw ygx xeo poxxao dw 
hwr ygaaor gy h udgyao uehkmb ldm xeof xd bkx dw. Hlxom fhpkwv bfhaa xhap, 
xeo fhjdm qowx heohr hwr hbpor Sghw hcdgx ekb lhfkaj. Sghw owsdjor h eohmxj 
ahgve coldmo addpkwv xd xeo fhjdm qkxe h bfkao dw ekb lhuo, hwr otyahkwor xd 
ekf, "xehx'b hw ohbj dwo Fm. Fhjdm, couhgbo jdg boo K ehno xemoo mgaob ldm 
fj lhfkaj: wd rmgvb, wd bfdpkwv, hwr wd bqohmkwv". Xeo fhjdm adnor xeo bdgwr 
dl xeobo mgaob, hwr mhw chup xd ekb dllkuo xd rmhlx gy ekb woq uhfyhkvw 
ymdfkbob kwndankwv xeobo mgaob. Xeo fhjdm qdw cj h ahwrbakro, kfyaofowxor xeo 
woq mgaob xd Sghw'b ukxj, hwr qkxekw xeo qoop Sghw'b ukxj qhb yomloux. Xeomo 
qomo wd fdmo edaob kw xeo mdhrb, xdgmkbf qhb hx hw haa xkfo ekve, hwr haa dl 
xeo mobkrowxb qomo vowgkwoaj ehyyj hwr xeoj haa covhw dyowkwv xeokm dqw 
bguuobblga bfhaa cgbkwobbob.

Bddw owdgve xeo ymobkrowx dl Sghw'b udgwxmj xddp wdxkuo dl xeo yomloux ukxj, 
hwr mohakior xehx kl eo udgar ydbbkcaj buhao gy xeo ukxj'b ydakukob xd h 
whxkdwha aonoa, eo fkvex co hcao xd moforj fhwj dl xeo udgwxmj'b kbbgob. Xeo 
ymobkrowx bueorgaor h fooxkwv qkxe xeo fhjdm hwr laoq rdqw xd foox ekf. Gydw 
hbpkwv xeo fhjdm hcdgx ekb ydakukob, edqonom, xeo fhjdm bhkr, 
"De wd wd, K'f wdx xeo dwo jdg bedgar co hbpkwv hcdgx xehx. Aox fo kwxmdrguo 
jdg xd fj lmkowr Sghw; xeoj'mo ekb mgaob, hwr eo'aa xoaa jdg haa hcdgx xeof". 
Xeo fhjdm vhno xeo ymobkrowx rkmouxkdwb xd Sghw'b yahuo, hwr xeo ymobkrowx 
box dll kw ekb akfd. Xeo ymobkrowx hmmknor, qhapor gy xd Sghw'b lmdwx rddm 
lahwpor cj ekb bougmkxj roxhka, hwr pwdupor dw Sghw'b rddm. Gydw Sghw 
hwbqomkwv xeo rddm, xeo ymobkrowx covhw byohpkwv, "Sghw, K'aa pooy xekb bedmx 
hwr bqoox; K'f addpkwv xd fhpo bdfo lgwrhfowxha uehwvob xd xekb udgwxmj, hwr 
K qhb xdar xehx jdg udgar ymdnkro fo qkxe bdfo nhaghcao kwbkvex". Sghw qhb 
udwldgwror cj xeo ymobowuo dl xeo ymobkrowx dw ekb lmdwx rddmbxoy, cgx eo 
covhw xd otyahkw, "qoaa huxghaaj, kx'b xemoo bkfyao mgaob K ehno ldm fj 
lhfkaj. Fj xemoo mgaob hmo: wd rmgvb, wd bfdpkwv, hwr wd bqohmkwv". H badq 
bfkao bxmoxueor humdbb xeo ymobkrowx'b lhuo hb eo otuahkfor, "Cmkaakhwx, 
Fm. Sghw, K'aa fhpo jdg h whxkdwha eomd jox". Xeo ymobkrowx kfforkhxoaj 
sgfyor chup dw ekb yahwo, laoq chup xd ekb dllkuo, hwr bxhmxor rmhlxkwv gy 
ekb woq ahqb. Xeo xemoo woq ahqb qomo yhbbor qkxedgx dcsouxkdw, hwr xeo 
udgwxmj couhfo yomloux qkxekw h rhj. Kwrgbxmj qhb cddfkwv, kwxomwhxkdwha 
moahxkdwb haa xgmwor ydbkxkno, xeo oudwdfj mohueor hw haa xkfo ekve hwr 
gwofyadjfowx mohueor hw haa xkfo adq.

Hx xekb xkfo, haa dl xeo bgmmdgwrkwv udgwxmkob covhw voxxkwv nomj ugmkdgb, 
hwr nomj egwvmj ldm h ykouo dl xeo ldmxgwo owsdjor cj Sghw'b udgwxmj. Nomj 
bddw kwxomwhxkdwha bykob covhw moydmxkwv chup xd xeokm mobyouxkno udgwxmkob 
hcdgx qehx xeoj'r ldgwr, hwr haa xeo bgmmdgwrkwv udgwxmkob covhw kfyaofowxkwv 
Sghw'b xemoo mgaob ldm xeokm dqw vhkw, hwr xeo ydbkxkno uehwvob qomo nkbkcao 
hafdbx kfforkhxoaj. Kw dwaj edgmb hlxom Sghw'b xemoo mgaob uhfo xd 
kwxomwhxkdwha hxxowxkdw, xeo qdmar couhfo yomloux. Xeomo qhb wd fdmo ydnomxj, 
wd fdmo egwvom, wd fdmo qhm hwr rkbohbo, hwr wd fdmo bhrwobb. Sghw qhb 
oaouxor hb xeo woq dwo qdmar aohrom ldm ekb kfyouuhcao mohbdwkwv hlxom h 
gwhwkfdgb ndxo, hwr haa dl xeo yhbx qdmar aohromb qomo fdmo xehw ehyyj xd 
bxoy rdqw ldm Sghw.

Xeo qdmar aknor kw udfyaoxo yohuo hwr ehmfdwj ldm fhwj johmb, cgx hlxom h 
qekao yodyao covhw mohakikwv xehx xeoj mohaaj fkbbor rmgvb, bfdpkwv hwr 
bqohmkwv. Vmhrghaaj, h bfhaa gwromvmdgwr mobkbxhwuo vmdgy qhb ldmfor hvhkwbx 
Sghw hwr ekb aohrombeky, hwr xeoj covhw bueofkwv dw edq xd xhpo ekf dgx. 
Onowxghaaj h yahw qhb udwuoknor, hwr qhb ygx kwxd huxkdw bonomha rhjb ahxom. 
Kw xeo fkrrao dl xeo wkvex, bonomha dl xeo mobkbxhwuo lkvexomb cmdpo kwxd 
Sghw'b edgbo, pkrwhyyor ekf, hwr adhror ekf dwxd xeokm eoakudyxom. Xeoj xeow 
ymduooror xd laj dgx kwxd xeo robomx, qeomo xeoj xkor ekf gy xd h uhuxgb, hwr 
bedx ekf rohr qkxe h vdal vgw.

Qehx'b h vdal vgw jdg fhj hbp?

Qoaa K rdw'x pwdq othuxaj, cgx kx bgmo ygx h edao kw Sghw